tests/linter/symbol-resolution/input.clj:37:11: Parse error: Unable to resolve symbol: hh
tests/linter/symbol-resolution/input.clj:38:4: Parse error: Unable to resolve symbol: jj/u1
tests/linter/symbol-resolution/input.clj:39:4: Parse error: Unable to resolve symbol: u8
tests/linter/symbol-resolution/input.clj:40:2: Parse error: Unable to resolve symbol: f1
tests/linter/symbol-resolution/input.clj:41:2: Parse error: Unable to resolve symbol: tt/g
tests/linter/symbol-resolution/input.clj:42:16: Parse error: Unable to resolve symbol: u2
tests/linter/symbol-resolution/input.clj:43:19: Parse error: Unable to resolve symbol: u3
tests/linter/symbol-resolution/input.clj:44:21: Parse error: Unable to resolve symbol: u4
tests/linter/symbol-resolution/input.clj:45:10: Parse error: Unable to resolve symbol: u9
tests/linter/symbol-resolution/input.clj:46:12: Parse error: Unable to resolve symbol: u6
tests/linter/symbol-resolution/input.clj:47:3: Parse error: Unable to resolve symbol: g
tests/linter/symbol-resolution/input.clj:48:3: Parse error: Unable to resolve symbol: ns/gg
tests/linter/symbol-resolution/input.clj:49:2: Parse error: Unable to resolve symbol: lace.string/split
tests/linter/symbol-resolution/input.clj:50:2: Parse error: Unable to resolve symbol: lace.os/env
tests/linter/symbol-resolution/input.clj:51:2: Parse error: Unable to resolve symbol: lace.time/sleep
tests/linter/symbol-resolution/input.clj:52:2: Parse error: Unable to resolve symbol: lace.json/read-string
tests/linter/symbol-resolution/input.clj:53:2: Parse error: Unable to resolve symbol: lace.base64/decode-string
tests/linter/symbol-resolution/input.clj:54:2: Parse error: Unable to resolve symbol: pprint
tests/linter/symbol-resolution/input.clj:55:2: Parse error: Unable to resolve symbol: pr-err
tests/linter/symbol-resolution/input.clj:56:2: Parse error: Unable to resolve symbol: prn-err
tests/linter/symbol-resolution/input.clj:57:2: Parse error: Unable to resolve symbol: print-err
tests/linter/symbol-resolution/input.clj:58:2: Parse error: Unable to resolve symbol: println-err
tests/linter/symbol-resolution/input.clj:59:15: Parse error: Unable to resolve symbol: h
